findings form 125 connector you i'm
using about 10 inches of artistic wire
so that i can go around all of these
loops of course the more loops you have
the more distance the wire it needs to
go insert the end of the wire into the
hole that's provided and bend down this
gives you something to pull against go
around the first small pin around the
top pin then back on the outside of this
pin and on the inside of the first pin
on the five twists and wrap the wire
using the findings form as well as
pulling on the wire with your hand so
that you get nice tight wraps just go
over around and then down through the
next one and around
and then finish with the last one then
go back up and go on the outside of the
small pin and up and over the top pin
once again now you use the included
pushing tube to push down all of these
intersections of the wire this this
helps to form this component so that
when you pull it off it will be nicely
made and just about ready to go on to
your jewelry so to release you need to
unbend that bottom water and then push
up
to pull these wires off the bindings for
just like so now we're going to finish
the top by cutting these wires both here
on the front loop and on the back loop
now once you get proficient with this
you can take one wire and wrap around
the the other wire but in the beginning
it's good to learn how to use these
loops to your advantage so I'm going out
that's just a little bit shorter you
want to make sure these are about the
same length and then we're going to grab
both of these and twist and then grab
both of the wires on the other loop and
twist so you have them both going in the
same direction we're going to angle
slightly and then enable the opposite
one slightly those are going to set
together right side by side and you can
dangle from that you can use it as a
bail it can also be used to dangle from
ear wire
so that is your 125 connector there's
some little minor adjustments to make
this come on a sim flat against one
another and then just close these rings
up just enough so that they won't fall
off of your piece just like so so that's
a nice connector this findings form can
also be used to make a dangled 125
connector and to do that you just need
of course to pieces of water it will
make the bottom piece first again
pushing and we're going to bring this
just around because we're only making
the bottom portion we just go around
these loops down here much like we did
the first time only we're omitting going
up to the top loop in
and once we get here angle this back in
and just bring it about up to where that
where the hole is so we can get the same
shape and then push again with this
pushing piece that comes with the
findings form to get those nice and
tight down on the bottom then to release
just release that and push this up
and I'm going to cut these right up in
here one side then on the other may be
sure we get that flush cut left on the
piece the actual piece
that's our bottom portion we just need
to close these loops
right there
and now we take our other piece of wire
and we need to make the portion that's
going to hold our dangle so the best
thing that I like to do is to hold the
wire and wrap all the way around this
outside loop then go up and around and
then down and go around the outside of
that so that's going to be our holder
best always to push this down so that
those intersections are nice and flat
remove that wire cut these
cutter
now I want to take a twist on the top
the best way to do it is to use two
pairs of pliers hold firmly but not too
firmly and just twist that about one
turn these then get I want them to be
just like a I pin so I'm going to
correct that so that it's right on that
on the neck is it has sort of like a
little head on it and then twist these
so that they will be ready to be hooked
on to our component piece bottom make
sure these are open then we're going to
angle this one down and two angle this
one down as well
don't worry too much about the angles at
the moment just need to kind of size
them with our peace and those look good
and they're open so we can snap that on
close the ends
and we have our component that's a
tentacle this findings form the 125
connector allows you to make these two
connectors as well as many others once
you get the hang of it you'll be doing
many many different things and as always
the findings form allows you to make
multiple items that look the same every
time